Writing a Composable Node (C++) Tutorial (#4106)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/Intermediate/About-Composition.rst

   # To register multiple components in the same shared library, use multiple calls
   # rclcpp_components_register_nodes(talker_component "composition::Talker2")

> For more details, `check out this tutorial <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Writing-a-Composable-Node>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example, :doc:`check out this tutorial <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Writing-a-Composable-Node>`
```

> For an example, :doc:`check out this tutorial <../Tutorials/Intermediate/Writing-a-Composable-Node>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example, :doc:`check out this tutorial <../../Tutorials/Intermediate/Writing-a-Composable-Node>`
```
